title: The Prophet - Lost Chapters
author: Stewart Bracken
tags:
  - the-prophet
  - public-domain
  - markov-chain
categories: []
date: 2020-06-08 15:50:00
---
The Prophet by Kahlil Gibran

The Lost Chapter generated by a [Markov chain text generator](https://projects.haykranen.nl/markov/demo/) from the love and giving chapters using the public domain [book text](http://www.gutenberg.org/ebooks/58585).

> Lest you yourself desert greater
> the believers--assume no weight of
> gratitude;
> 
> And what is when as he gathers you believer empty.
>
> To return home at dawn with a wings enfold you yield to
> him,
>
> To rest branches
> than that knowledge be,
> than giving.
>
> And there aught you would give with pain,
> and think from behind lays waste the givers--and you.
>
> And what you
> than giving with a greater
> that you lay a yoke upon
> yourself that whiteness.
>
> He grinds your own understanding;
>
> Love possesses not nor what you to whiteness and not say, “God
> is in the secrets of your
> inheritors’.
>
> You give is joy greater
> than give of the hands of such as the
> freeheart of your
> in the confidence, nay the nor wound you are pliant;
>
> And who are you
> shall the night. To
> know
> not pain is the north for your little and
> caresses your courself a
> giver on
> his gifts unwholesome.
>
> And to bleed willingly and joyfully.
>
> These thirst when his generosity who have
> desires, let these thirst when his
> cup from you.
>
> And takes
> naught but only
> love’s pleasure,
>
> Though the secrets of yourself and meditate
> love’s pleasure,
>
> And things shall laugh, but rather, and joyfully.
>
> And when asked, threshes you to his wings;
>
> For to
> withhold?
>
> Like sheaves of need
> their worthy of all
> else from you can I
> speak save of your
> tears.
>
> There are but things
> you that you
> truly gives naughter, and know the season
> of love’s heart and a song of
> praise upon his wings.